[19:58] <mike_s> yo, stephen. i had a question about the class diagram
[19:59] <StephenF> Anyone know a good IRC client for Linux? BitchX isn't my style, and it's the only one I've ever used
[19:59] <StephenF> Yessir?
[19:59] <mike_s> i use xchat, it's pretty easy. anyway, i was wondering if the group should somehow aggregate users
[20:00] <joran> no
[20:00] <joran> it agregates roles
[20:00] <joran> which agregate users
[20:00] <StephenF> What he said :P
[20:01] <StephenF> That way we get dynamic roles, and the users are still tied to the group
[20:01] <joran> each user can only have one role per group
[20:01] <mike_s> yeah, that makes sense. visually i was seeing roles and billing_entry playing the same... role... and it looked strange
[20:02] <joran> can we add some kind of importer class to groups ? not as an agreggate or anything but as like an interacts with (which could interact with a cloud of 
"external data sources")
[20:02] <mike_s> in the class diagram or in the program?
[20:02] <StephenF> It's a strange abstraction, I'll give you that. But it works very well and is pretty versatile.
[20:03] <joran> and also i dunno did that make sense what i was sayin about permissions not agreggating from modules
[20:03] <joran> class diagram
[20:03] <joran> and program in general
[20:03] <joran> using db direct input and open auth api
[20:04] <StephenF> I haven't read the reply, give me a sec. Also, we have a lot of auxiliary classes that aren't in the diagram, but could be. Most of those won't have 
strong ties to the project as a whole, though, they'll just be functional. At least, I think... right?
[20:04] <mike_s> i'm not sure if it's worth adding to the class diagram at this point, especially given that coaxing dia into outputting a readable diagram that fits on a 
slide might be a challenge
[20:04] <joran> yeah but i think jeffry wants to see all that
[20:05] <joran> maybe even a second class diagram showing weak soociations
[20:05] <joran> meh u know what i meant
[20:05] <joran> meh i bet we could ... i dunno ig sasha wants to use that collab diagram but if she does we should add it
[20:06] <joran> or i can see jeffry complaining about that
[20:06] <sasha___> I am using it
[20:06] <sasha___> I am fixing it up a beet...
[20:06] <StephenF> Joran, RE: the permission issue... do we want to maybe add permission info into the module class itself that ONLY applies to the given module? The 
permission object isn't the correct association for that, I think you're right
[20:07] <joran> i would just add an association line instead of an aggrgtion and label it add's to
[20:07] <joran> or something like that
[20:07] <ldv629> so for the presentation is no one discussing cms
[20:07] <mike_s> well it says 'permissions_available' so would that not be good enough?
[20:07] <ldv629> as it doesn't have any slide material
[20:07] <joran> I think that should maybe go on the where we are headed slide
[20:08] <joran> should we all get on the doc and do a shared viewing?
[20:08] <joran> or ?
[20:08] <Sverk> I still have no idea what to put on my slide other than a link to the SSRS :(
[20:09] <joran> right now its just the template
[20:09] <Sverk> i have it rewritten, just nothing added to it
[20:09] <Sverk> so just a template
[20:09] <Sverk> i'll say i have started it yet but it is incomplete
[20:09] <mike_s> you could mention you rewrote it in straight latex, maybe he'll want it
[20:09] <ldv629> at Max add a screenshot
[20:09] <Sverk> i'm going to
[20:09] <NMazu> Are you going to talk about any particular parts of it?
[20:09] <Sverk> LaTeX has been eating my time like none other
[20:10] <RevanTal> could talk a bit about some of the neat things you've learned about LaTex... put some of that on the slide
[20:10] <Sverk> = win!
[20:11] <Sverk> All i'm really gonna say is i've been an editor, i've hendeled the editing for the SSRS, SSDD, Jacob's Redone Use Cases and the Class Diagram at one point
[20:11] <Sverk> handled*
[20:11] <ldv629> joran I'm going to take out the line that you put on the Organization slide and I'll just talk about it
[20:13] <Sverk> whoa...names perfect length
[20:13] <ldv629> Other than that for the presentation just max and chandler's slides
[20:15] <ldv629> are we going to present from google and if not who is going to download it into powerpoint for tomorrow?
[20:15] <mike_s> you can download it on the spot
[20:15] <joran> im down to just present from google
[20:15] <Sverk> that would be best
[20:15] <joran> but meh
[20:16] <joran> might not hurt to have someone dl it as a backup just in case due to some crazy freak of nature theres no internet
[20:16] <ldv629> I can do it
[20:16] <Sverk> I'll also do it just in case, lol
[20:16] <mike_s> do it a bit before class i suppose
[20:16] <joran> i really doubt we need it
[20:16] <joran> but meh cant hurt i guess
[20:17] <joran> i like the idea of goin right off gdocs since that allows for a few last minute edits
[20:17] <NMazu> So should we go through slide by slide and approve/dissaprove/suggest stuff?
[20:17] <mike_s> yeah, that's a good idea
[20:17] <joran> im down w that someone start a shared view session
[20:18] <ldv629> I'm good with pretty much everything that is there
[20:18] <StephenF> Yes please! Right now I'm just a pretty face with all of 30 seconds of talking time... maybe some of you have additions to my beautiful intro?
[20:18] <mike_s> so... start with slide 2?
[20:19] <NMazu> Okay
[20:19] <joran> somone start shared vieweing session plps
[20:19] <joran> pls
[20:19] <joran> lrn2typjrn
[20:19] <mike_s> do you have to do that explicitly?
[20:20] <mike_s> or can't we all just look at slide 2?
[20:20] <joran> https://docs.google.com/present/view?id=dg7z4vk6_41hs3pj5dj
[20:20] <joran> that way we dont have to go back n forth
[20:20] <Sverk> two monitors = win?
[20:20] <RevanTal> really big monitor = win?
[20:20] <Sverk> lol
[20:21] <ldv629> windows 7 snap view = win
[20:21] <mike_s> really big monitor + two monitors = success?
[20:21] <RevanTal> well, yes that + big monitor
[20:21] <RevanTal> hmm...
[20:21] <Sverk> lol
[20:21] <RevanTal> :P
[20:21] <mike_s> we are still missing a few. click that link!
[20:24] <ldv629> can we go now?
[20:24] <mike_s> no. we have things to talk about
[20:25] <ldv629> no I meant continuing with the slides
[20:25] <mike_s> we are doing a shared session. click on that link
[20:26] <ldv629> I did
[20:26] <StephenF> Then you have to click 'View Together' as well. Bottom right.
[20:28] <@chandl3r> ohh...view together
[20:28] <@chandl3r> now it all makes sense
[20:29] <StephenF> I sat there for a few minutes before I figured that out, so no worries :)
*****At This Point We Went into a shared online powerpoint and worked on refining the slides and order *******
